Abang Bao Public Security
I numbered all those bills
Make sure to find out who moved your sister-in-law's things
Brother An, where are you going? Go to the provincial capital.
Yo, I'm still busy.
Are you still busy with what design draft you drew?
What are you amazing about?
I heard Abango say it.
You lost all the money that Brother Lin An gave you, right?
You don't have a penny on you now, do you?
So you just hit a bit of luck
Encountered a little crooked
So I went crazy.
You're not like a homeless dog yet
Ah!
Jiang Linlin
What are you doing?
Didn't you call me a dog?
I want more dogs
Would you like to try it?
You you vulgar woman you dumb
The dumbest thing you say is like my screaming attack
Everyone has to run away
What's sick?
Hmm, I told you that the press conference is tomorrow.
I'll see how you look then
Sister-in-law was laughed at
No, this woman
I usually take the route of pure little white flowers
How do you pray today?